TACAS 2023 Submission Instructions

Submitted papers must be in English, presenting original research. They must be unpublished and not submitted for publication elsewhere. In particular, simultaneous submission of the same contribution to multiple ETAPS conferences is forbidden.

Submissions must follow the formatting guidelines of Springer's LNCS (use the llncs.cls class) and be submitted electronically in pdf through the Easychair author interface of the respective conference. Submissions not adhering to the specified format and length may be rejected immediately.

 TACAS will use double-blind reviewing. Authors are asked to omit their names and institutions; refer to prior work in the third person, just as prior work by others; not to include acknowledgments that might identify them.
Page Limits

    regular research papers, case study papers and regular tool papers of max 16 pp,

    tool demonstration papers of max 6 pp (+ mandatory appendix of max 6 pp).

Artifact Submission Instructions

Artifacts have to be submitted in the "TACAS 2023 - Artifact Evaluation" track, with title "Artifact for Paper (title of the original paper)", and the same authors as the submitted paper. An artifact submission consists of

    An abstract that summarizes the artifact and its relation to the paper (inserted in EasyChair),
    A .pdf file of the paper (uploaded via EasyChair). In the case of accepted regular and case study papers, the file can be modified from the submitted version to take reviewers’ comments into account,
    A .zip file (uploaded via EasyChair) containing:
        a text file named License.txt that contains the license for the artifact (it is required that the license at least allows the Artifact Evaluation Committee to evaluate the artifact w.r.t. the criteria mentioned above),
        a text file called Readme.txt that contains
            ARTIFACT LINK: a (working) public link to the artifact,
            ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: Any additional software or hardware requirement for running the artifact, such as the need of installing proprietary software needing a license, particular hardware resources (e.g., GPUs),
            EXPERIMENT RUNTIME: the total runtime (at least estimation on a specific hardware) needed to run the experiments (and/or a sufficient subset of the experiments for evaluating the artifact), and
            REPRODUCIBILITY INSTRUCTIONS: The detailed, step-by-step instructions on how to setup and use the artifact to replicate the results in the paper (note: the instructions cannot assume any specific knowledge, apart from the basic usage of a linux system).
    A .zip file (not submitted through EasyChair but made available for download) of the artifact containing all the data (code, binaries, scripts, benchmarks, dependencies,..) necessary to run the artifact on the TACAS ‘23 virtual machine (note: not the virtual machine itself, see the instruction later).
